src/Resources/Resources/help/Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult.md, before:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ResourceManager.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.Resources
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.resources/get-aztenantdeploymentwhatifresult
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult

## SYNOPSIS
Gets an ARM template What-If result for a deployment at tenant scope. 

## SYNTAX

### ByTemplateFileWithNoParameters (Default)
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateObject <Hashtable>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateFile <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateUri <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateObject <Hashtable>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateFile <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateUri <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateObject <Hashtable>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateFile <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateUri <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectWithNoParameters
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriWithNoParameters
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult** cmdlet gets the ARM template What-If result for a template deployment at the specified tenant scope. It returns a list of changes indicating what resources will be updated if the deployment is applied without making any changes to real resources. To specify the format for the returning result, use the *ResultFormat* parameter.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get a What-If result at tenant scope
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult `
    -DeploymentName "deploy-01" `
    -Location "West US" `
    -TemplateFile "D:\Azure\Templates\ServiceTemplate.json" `
    -TemplateParameterFile "D:\Azure\Templates\ServiceParameters.json" `
    -ResultFormat "FullResourcePayloads"
```

This command gets a What-If result at tenant scope by using a custom template file and a parameter file on disk.
The command uses the *Location* parameter to specify where to store the deployment data.
The command uses the *TemplateFile* parameter to specify a template file.
The command uses the *TemplateParameterFile* parameter to specify a template parameter file.
The command uses the *ResultFormat* parameter to set the What-If result to include full resource payloads.

### Example 2: Get a What-If result at tenant scope with ResourceIdOnly
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult `
    -DeploymentName "deploy-01" `
    -Location "West US" `
    -TemplateFile "D:\Azure\Templates\ServiceTemplate.json" `
    -TemplateParameterFile "D:\Azure\Templates\ServiceParameters.json" `
    -ResultFormat "ResourceIdOnly"
```

This command gets a What-If result at tenant scope by using a custom template file and a parameter file on disk.
The command uses the *Location* parameter to specify where to store the deployment data.
The command uses the *TemplateFile* parameter to specify a template file.
The command uses the *TemplateParameterFile* parameter to specify a template parameter file.
The command uses the *ResultFormat* parameter to set the What-If result to only contain resource IDs.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ExcludeChangeType
Comma-separated list of resource change types to be excluded from What-If results.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
The location to store deployment data.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the deployment it's going to create.
If not specified, defaults to the template file name when a template file is provided; defaults to the current time when a template object is provided, e.g.
"20131223140835".

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: DeploymentName

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Pre
When set, indicates that the cmdlet should use pre-release API versions when automatically determining which version to use.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResultFormat
The What-If result format.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Management.ResourceManager.Models.WhatIfResultFormat
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: ResourceIdOnly, FullResourcePayloads

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt
Skips the PowerShell dynamic parameter processing that checks if the provided template parameter contains all necessary parameters used by the template.
This check would prompt the user to provide a value for the missing parameters, but providing the -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt will ignore this prompt and error out immediately if a parameter was found not to be bound in the template.
For non-interactive scripts, -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt can be provided to provide a better error message in the case where not all required parameters are satisfied.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateFile
Local path to the template file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateFileWithNoParameters, ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject, ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile, ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateObject
A hash table which represents the template.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject, ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile, ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri, ByTemplateObjectWithNoParameters
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterFile
A file that has the template parameters.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile, ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile, ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterObject
A hash table which represents the parameters.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject, ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject, ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterUri
Uri to the template parameter file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri, ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri, ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateUri
Uri to the template file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject, ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile, ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri, ByTemplateUriWithNoParameters
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String

### System.Collections.Hashtable

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.ResourceManager.Cmdlets.SdkModels.Deployments.PSWhatIfOperationResult

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Bicep support (#14227)
* Added support for Azure resources deployment in Bicep language

* fix relative path issue

* remove bicep support on templateUri

* refine codes

Co-authored-by: Beisi Zhou <bez@microsoft.com>

src/Resources/Resources/help/Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult.md, after:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ResourceManager.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.Resources
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.resources/get-aztenantdeploymentwhatifresult
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult

## SYNOPSIS
Gets a template What-If result for a deployment at tenant scope. 

## SYNTAX

### ByTemplateFileWithNoParameters (Default)
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateObject <Hashtable>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateFile <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateUri <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateObject <Hashtable>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateFile <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateUri <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateObject <Hashtable>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateFile <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateUri <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectWithNoParameters
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriWithNoParameters
```
Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-ResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>]
 [-ExcludeChangeType <String[]>] -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult** cmdlet gets the ARM template What-If result for a template deployment at the specified tenant scope. It returns a list of changes indicating what resources will be updated if the deployment is applied without making any changes to real resources. To specify the format for the returning result, use the *ResultFormat* parameter.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Get a What-If result at tenant scope
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult `
    -DeploymentName "deploy-01" `
    -Location "West US" `
    -TemplateFile "D:\Azure\Templates\ServiceTemplate.json" `
    -TemplateParameterFile "D:\Azure\Templates\ServiceParameters.json" `
    -ResultFormat "FullResourcePayloads"
```

This command gets a What-If result at tenant scope by using a custom template file and a parameter file on disk.
The command uses the *Location* parameter to specify where to store the deployment data.
The command uses the *TemplateFile* parameter to specify a template file.
The command uses the *TemplateParameterFile* parameter to specify a template parameter file.
The command uses the *ResultFormat* parameter to set the What-If result to include full resource payloads.

### Example 2: Get a What-If result at tenant scope with ResourceIdOnly
```powershell
PS C:\> Get-AzTenantDeploymentWhatIfResult `
    -DeploymentName "deploy-01" `
    -Location "West US" `
    -TemplateFile "D:\Azure\Templates\ServiceTemplate.json" `
    -TemplateParameterFile "D:\Azure\Templates\ServiceParameters.json" `
    -ResultFormat "ResourceIdOnly"
```

This command gets a What-If result at tenant scope by using a custom template file and a parameter file on disk.
The command uses the *Location* parameter to specify where to store the deployment data.
The command uses the *TemplateFile* parameter to specify a template file.
The command uses the *TemplateParameterFile* parameter to specify a template parameter file.
The command uses the *ResultFormat* parameter to set the What-If result to only contain resource IDs.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ExcludeChangeType
Comma-separated list of resource change types to be excluded from What-If results.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
The location to store deployment data.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the deployment it's going to create.
If not specified, defaults to the template file name when a template file is provided; defaults to the current time when a template object is provided, e.g.
"20131223140835".

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: DeploymentName

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Pre
When set, indicates that the cmdlet should use pre-release API versions when automatically determining which version to use.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResultFormat
The What-If result format.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Management.ResourceManager.Models.WhatIfResultFormat
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: ResourceIdOnly, FullResourcePayloads

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt
Skips the PowerShell dynamic parameter processing that checks if the provided template parameter contains all necessary parameters used by the template.
This check would prompt the user to provide a value for the missing parameters, but providing the -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt will ignore this prompt and error out immediately if a parameter was found not to be bound in the template.
For non-interactive scripts, -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt can be provided to provide a better error message in the case where not all required parameters are satisfied.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateFile
Local path to the template file. Supported template file type: json and bicep.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateFileWithNoParameters, ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject, ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile, ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateObject
A hash table which represents the template.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject, ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile, ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri, ByTemplateObjectWithNoParameters
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterFile
A file that has the template parameters.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile, ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile, ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterObject
A hash table which represents the parameters.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject, ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject, ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterUri
Uri to the template parameter file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri, ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri, ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateUri
Uri to the template file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject, ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile, ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri, ByTemplateUriWithNoParameters
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String

### System.Collections.Hashtable

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.ResourceManager.Cmdlets.SdkModels.Deployments.PSWhatIfOperationResult

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
