src/Resources/Resources/help/New-AzDeployment.md, before:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ResourceManager.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.Resources
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.resources/new-azdeployment
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzDeployment

## SYNOPSIS
Create a deployment

## SYNTAX

### ByTemplateFileWithNoParameters (Default)
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt]
 [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateSpecId <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateSpecId <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectWithNoParameters
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriWithNoParameters
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceId
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateSpecId <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AzDeployment** cmdlet adds a deployment at the current subscription scope.
This includes the resources that the deployment requires.

An Azure resource is a user-managed Azure entity. A resource can live in a resource group, like database server, database, website, virtual machine, or Storage account.
Or, it can be a subscription level resource, like role definition, policy definition, etc.

To add resources to a resource group, use the **New-AzResourceGroupDeployment** which creates a deployment at a resource group.
The **New-AzDeployment** cmdlet creates a deployment at the current subscription scope, which deploys subscription level resources.

To add a deployment at subscription, specify the location and a template.
The location tells Azure Resource Manager where to store the deployment data. The template is a JSON string that contains individual resources to be deployed.
The template includes parameter placeholders for required resources and configurable property values, such as names and sizes.

To use a custom template for the deployment, specify the *TemplateFile* parameter or *TemplateUri* parameter.
Each template has parameters for configurable properties.
To specify values for the template parameters, specify the *TemplateParameterFile* parameter or the *TemplateParameterObject* parameter.
Alternatively, you can use the template parameters that are dynamically added to the command when you specify a template.
To use dynamic parameters, type them at the command prompt, or type a minus sign (-) to indicate a parameter and use the Tab key to cycle through available parameters.
Template parameter values that you enter at the command prompt take precedence over values in a template parameter object or file.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Use a custom template and parameter file to create a deployment
```
PS C:\> New-AzDeployment -Location "West US" -TemplateFile "D:\Azure\Templates\EngineeringSite.json" -TemplateParameterFile "D:\Azure\Templates\EngSiteParms.json" -TemplateVersion "2.1" -Tag @{"key1"="value1"; "key2"="value2";}
```

This command creates a new deployment at the current subscription scope by using a custom template and a template file on disk, with defined tags parameter.
The command uses the *TemplateFile* parameter to specify the template and the *TemplateParameterFile* parameter to specify a file that contains parameters and parameter values.
It uses the *TemplateVersion* parameter to specify the version of the template.

### Example 2: Deploy a template stored in a non public storage account using a uri and SAS token
```
PS C:\> New-AzDeployment -Location "West US" -TemplateUri "https://example.com/example.json" -QueryString "foo"
```
This command creates a new deployment using the template in TemplateUri which is not public and requires a token parameter to access which would be provided using the QueryString parameter.
Running this command effectively accesses the template using the url https://example.com/example.json?foo.
This can be used if you want to use a template in a storage account by providing the SAS token as the QueryString

### Example 3: Use a custom template object and parameter file to create a deployment
```
PS C:\> $TemplateFileText = [System.IO.File]::ReadAllText("D:\Azure\Templates\EngineeringSite.json")
PS C:\> $TemplateObject = ConvertFrom-Json $TemplateFileText -AsHashtable
PS C:\> New-AzDeployment -Location "West US" -TemplateObject $TemplateObject -TemplateParameterFile "D:\Azure\Templates\EngSiteParams.json" -TemplateVersion "2.1"
```

This command creates a new deployment at the current subscription scope by using a custom template and a template file on disk that has been converted to an in-memory hashtable.
The first two commands read the text for the template file on disk and convert it to an in-memory hashtable.
The last command uses the *TemplateObject* parameter to specify this hashtable and the *TemplateParameterFile* parameter to specify a file that contains parameters and parameter values.
It uses the *TemplateVersion* parameter to specify the version of the template.

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Run cmdlet in the background

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DeploymentDebugLogLevel
The deployment debug log level.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
The location to store deployment data.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the deployment it's going to create. If not specified, defaults to the template file name when a template file is provided; defaults to the current time when a template object is provided, e.g. "20131223140835".

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: DeploymentName

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Pre
When set, indicates that the cmdlet should use pre-release API versions when automatically determining which version to use.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -QueryString
The query string (for example, a SAS token) to be used with the TemplateUri parameter. Would be used in case of linked templates

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt
Skips the PowerShell dynamic parameter processing that checks if the provided template parameter contains all necessary parameters used by the template. This check would prompt the user to provide a value for the missing parameters, but providing the -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt will ignore this prompt and error out immediately if a parameter was found not to be bound in the template. For non-interactive scripts, -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt can be provided to provide a better error message in the case where not all required parameters are satisfied.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
The tags to put on the deployment.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateFile
Local path to the template file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateFileWithNoParameters, ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject, ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile, ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateObject
A hash table which represents the template.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject, ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile, ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri, ByTemplateObjectWithNoParameters
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterFile
A file that has the template parameters.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile, ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile, ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterObject
A hash table which represents the parameters.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject, ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject, ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterUri
Uri to the template parameter file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri, ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri, ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateSpecId
Resource ID of the templateSpec to be deployed.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri, ByTemplateSpecResourceId
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateUri
Uri to the template file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject, ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile, ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri, ByTemplateUriWithNoParameters
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIfExcludeChangeType
Comma-separated resource change types to be excluded from What-If results. Applicable when the -WhatIf or -Confirm switch is set.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIfResultFormat
The What-If result format.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Management.ResourceManager.Models.WhatIfResultFormat
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: ResourceIdOnly, FullResourcePayloads

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.Collections.Hashtable

### System.String

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.ResourceManager.Cmdlets.SdkModels.PSDeployment

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Bicep support (#14227)
* Added support for Azure resources deployment in Bicep language

* fix relative path issue

* remove bicep support on templateUri

* refine codes

Co-authored-by: Beisi Zhou <bez@microsoft.com>

src/Resources/Resources/help/New-AzDeployment.md, after:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ResourceManager.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.Resources
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.resources/new-azdeployment
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzDeployment

## SYNOPSIS
Create a deployment

## SYNTAX

### ByTemplateFileWithNoParameters (Default)
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt]
 [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateSpecId <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateSpecId <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectWithNoParameters
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriWithNoParameters
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceId
```
New-AzDeployment [-Name <String>] -Location <String> [-DeploymentDebugLogLevel <String>] [-Tag <Hashtable>]
 [-WhatIfResultFormat <WhatIfResultFormat>] [-WhatIfExcludeChangeType <String[]>] [-QueryString <String>]
 [-AsJob] -TemplateSpecId <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **New-AzDeployment** cmdlet adds a deployment at the current subscription scope.
This includes the resources that the deployment requires.

An Azure resource is a user-managed Azure entity. A resource can live in a resource group, like database server, database, website, virtual machine, or Storage account.
Or, it can be a subscription level resource, like role definition, policy definition, etc.

To add resources to a resource group, use the **New-AzResourceGroupDeployment** which creates a deployment at a resource group.
The **New-AzDeployment** cmdlet creates a deployment at the current subscription scope, which deploys subscription level resources.

To add a deployment at subscription, specify the location and a template.
The location tells Azure Resource Manager where to store the deployment data. The template is a JSON string that contains individual resources to be deployed.
The template includes parameter placeholders for required resources and configurable property values, such as names and sizes.

To use a custom template for the deployment, specify the *TemplateFile* parameter or *TemplateUri* parameter.
Each template has parameters for configurable properties.
To specify values for the template parameters, specify the *TemplateParameterFile* parameter or the *TemplateParameterObject* parameter.
Alternatively, you can use the template parameters that are dynamically added to the command when you specify a template.
To use dynamic parameters, type them at the command prompt, or type a minus sign (-) to indicate a parameter and use the Tab key to cycle through available parameters.
Template parameter values that you enter at the command prompt take precedence over values in a template parameter object or file.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Use a custom template and parameter file to create a deployment
```
PS C:\> New-AzDeployment -Location "West US" -TemplateFile "D:\Azure\Templates\EngineeringSite.json" -TemplateParameterFile "D:\Azure\Templates\EngSiteParms.json" -TemplateVersion "2.1" -Tag @{"key1"="value1"; "key2"="value2";}
```

This command creates a new deployment at the current subscription scope by using a custom template and a template file on disk, with defined tags parameter.
The command uses the *TemplateFile* parameter to specify the template and the *TemplateParameterFile* parameter to specify a file that contains parameters and parameter values.
It uses the *TemplateVersion* parameter to specify the version of the template.

### Example 2: Deploy a template stored in a non public storage account using a uri and SAS token
```
PS C:\> New-AzDeployment -Location "West US" -TemplateUri "https://example.com/example.json" -QueryString "foo"
```
This command creates a new deployment using the template in TemplateUri which is not public and requires a token parameter to access which would be provided using the QueryString parameter.
Running this command effectively accesses the template using the url https://example.com/example.json?foo.
This can be used if you want to use a template in a storage account by providing the SAS token as the QueryString

### Example 3: Use a custom template object and parameter file to create a deployment
```
PS C:\> $TemplateFileText = [System.IO.File]::ReadAllText("D:\Azure\Templates\EngineeringSite.json")
PS C:\> $TemplateObject = ConvertFrom-Json $TemplateFileText -AsHashtable
PS C:\> New-AzDeployment -Location "West US" -TemplateObject $TemplateObject -TemplateParameterFile "D:\Azure\Templates\EngSiteParams.json" -TemplateVersion "2.1"
```

This command creates a new deployment at the current subscription scope by using a custom template and a template file on disk that has been converted to an in-memory hashtable.
The first two commands read the text for the template file on disk and convert it to an in-memory hashtable.
The last command uses the *TemplateObject* parameter to specify this hashtable and the *TemplateParameterFile* parameter to specify a file that contains parameters and parameter values.
It uses the *TemplateVersion* parameter to specify the version of the template.

## PARAMETERS

### -AsJob
Run cmdlet in the background

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DeploymentDebugLogLevel
The deployment debug log level.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
The location to store deployment data.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
The name of the deployment it's going to create. If not specified, defaults to the template file name when a template file is provided; defaults to the current time when a template object is provided, e.g. "20131223140835".

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: DeploymentName

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Pre
When set, indicates that the cmdlet should use pre-release API versions when automatically determining which version to use.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -QueryString
The query string (for example, a SAS token) to be used with the TemplateUri parameter. Would be used in case of linked templates

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt
Skips the PowerShell dynamic parameter processing that checks if the provided template parameter contains all necessary parameters used by the template. This check would prompt the user to provide a value for the missing parameters, but providing the -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt will ignore this prompt and error out immediately if a parameter was found not to be bound in the template. For non-interactive scripts, -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt can be provided to provide a better error message in the case where not all required parameters are satisfied.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Tag
The tags to put on the deployment.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateFile
Local path to the template file. Supported template file type: json and bicep.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateFileWithNoParameters, ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject, ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile, ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateObject
A hash table which represents the template.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject, ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile, ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri, ByTemplateObjectWithNoParameters
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterFile
A file that has the template parameters.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile, ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile, ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterObject
A hash table which represents the parameters.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject, ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject, ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterUri
Uri to the template parameter file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri, ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri, ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateSpecId
Resource ID of the templateSpec to be deployed.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri, ByTemplateSpecResourceId
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateUri
Uri to the template file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject, ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile, ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri, ByTemplateUriWithNoParameters
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIfExcludeChangeType
Comma-separated resource change types to be excluded from What-If results. Applicable when the -WhatIf or -Confirm switch is set.

```yaml
Type: System.String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIfResultFormat
The What-If result format.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Management.ResourceManager.Models.WhatIfResultFormat
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: ResourceIdOnly, FullResourcePayloads

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.Collections.Hashtable

### System.String

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.ResourceManager.Cmdlets.SdkModels.PSDeployment

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
