src/Resources/Resources/help/Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment.md, before:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ResourceManager.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.Resources
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.resources/test-azmanagementgroupdeployment
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment

## SYNOPSIS
Validates a deployment at a management group.

## SYNTAX

### ByTemplateFileWithNoParameters (Default)
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateSpecId <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateSpecId <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectWithNoParameters
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriWithNoParameters
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceId
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateSpecId <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment** cmdlet determines whether a deployment template and its parameter values are valid at a management group.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Test deployment with a custom template and parameter file
```
PS C:\> Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId "myMG" -Location "West US" -TemplateFile "D:\Azure\Templates\OrgSetup.json" -TemplateParameterFile "D:\Azure\Templates\OrgParms.json"
```

This command tests a deployment at the management group "myMG" using the given template file and parameters file.

### Example 2: Test deployment with a custom template object and parameter file
```
PS C:\> $TemplateFileText = [System.IO.File]::ReadAllText("D:\Azure\Templates\OrgSetup.json")
PS C:\> $TemplateObject = ConvertFrom-Json $TemplateFileText -AsHashtable
PS C:\> Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId "myMG" -Location "West US" -TemplateObject $TemplateObject -TemplateParameterFile "D:\Azure\Templates\EngSiteParams.json"
```

This command tests a deployment at the management group "myMG" using the an in-memory hashtable created from the given template file and a parameter file.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
The location to store deployment data.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ManagementGroupId
The management group id.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Pre
When set, indicates that the cmdlet should use pre-release API versions when automatically determining which version to use.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -QueryString
The query string (for example, a SAS token) to be used with the TemplateUri parameter. Would be used in case of linked templates

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt
Skips the PowerShell dynamic parameter processing that checks if the provided template parameter contains all necessary parameters used by the template.
This check would prompt the user to provide a value for the missing parameters, but providing the -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt will ignore this prompt and error out immediately if a parameter was found not to be bound in the template.
For non-interactive scripts, -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt can be provided to provide a better error message in the case where not all required parameters are satisfied.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateFile
Local path to the template file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateFileWithNoParameters, ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject, ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile, ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateObject
A hash table which represents the template.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject, ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile, ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri, ByTemplateObjectWithNoParameters
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterFile
A file that has the template parameters.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile, ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile, ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterObject
A hash table which represents the parameters.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject, ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject, ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterUri
Uri to the template parameter file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri, ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri, ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateSpecId
Resource ID of the templateSpec to be deployed.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri, ByTemplateSpecResourceId
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateUri
Uri to the template file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject, ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile, ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri, ByTemplateUriWithNoParameters
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.Collections.Hashtable

### System.String

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.ResourceManager.Cmdlets.SdkModels.PSResourceManagerError

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Bicep support (#14227)
* Added support for Azure resources deployment in Bicep language

* fix relative path issue

* remove bicep support on templateUri

* refine codes

Co-authored-by: Beisi Zhou <bez@microsoft.com>

src/Resources/Resources/help/Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment.md, after:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ResourceManager.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.Resources
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.resources/test-azmanagementgroupdeployment
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment

## SYNOPSIS
Validates a deployment at a management group.

## SYNTAX

### ByTemplateFileWithNoParameters (Default)
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable> -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterFile <String> -TemplateSpecId <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateParameterUri <String> -TemplateSpecId <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre]
 [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectWithNoParameters
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriWithNoParameters
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceId
```
Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId <String> -Location <String> [-QueryString <String>]
 -TemplateSpecId <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment** cmdlet determines whether a deployment template and its parameter values are valid at a management group.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Test deployment with a custom template and parameter file
```
PS C:\> Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId "myMG" -Location "West US" -TemplateFile "D:\Azure\Templates\OrgSetup.json" -TemplateParameterFile "D:\Azure\Templates\OrgParms.json"
```

This command tests a deployment at the management group "myMG" using the given template file and parameters file.

### Example 2: Test deployment with a custom template object and parameter file
```
PS C:\> $TemplateFileText = [System.IO.File]::ReadAllText("D:\Azure\Templates\OrgSetup.json")
PS C:\> $TemplateObject = ConvertFrom-Json $TemplateFileText -AsHashtable
PS C:\> Test-AzManagementGroupDeployment -ManagementGroupId "myMG" -Location "West US" -TemplateObject $TemplateObject -TemplateParameterFile "D:\Azure\Templates\EngSiteParams.json"
```

This command tests a deployment at the management group "myMG" using the an in-memory hashtable created from the given template file and a parameter file.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with Azure.

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
The location to store deployment data.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ManagementGroupId
The management group id.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Pre
When set, indicates that the cmdlet should use pre-release API versions when automatically determining which version to use.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -QueryString
The query string (for example, a SAS token) to be used with the TemplateUri parameter. Would be used in case of linked templates

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt
Skips the PowerShell dynamic parameter processing that checks if the provided template parameter contains all necessary parameters used by the template.
This check would prompt the user to provide a value for the missing parameters, but providing the -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt will ignore this prompt and error out immediately if a parameter was found not to be bound in the template.
For non-interactive scripts, -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt can be provided to provide a better error message in the case where not all required parameters are satisfied.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateFile
Local path to the template file. Supported template file type: json and bicep.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateFileWithNoParameters, ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject, ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile, ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateObject
A hash table which represents the template.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject, ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile, ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri, ByTemplateObjectWithNoParameters
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterFile
A file that has the template parameters.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile, ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile, ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterObject
A hash table which represents the parameters.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject, ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject, ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterUri
Uri to the template parameter file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri, ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri, ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateSpecId
Resource ID of the templateSpec to be deployed.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri, ByTemplateSpecResourceId
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateUri
Uri to the template file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject, ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile, ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri, ByTemplateUriWithNoParameters
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.Collections.Hashtable

### System.String

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.ResourceManager.Cmdlets.SdkModels.PSResourceManagerError

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
