src/Resources/Resources/help/Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment.md, before:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ResourceManager.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.Resources
ms.assetid: 0143CE35-3B1D-4829-B880-A5CA25B83883
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.resources/test-azresourcegroupdeployment
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment

## SYNOPSIS
Validates a resource group deployment.

## SYNTAX

### ByTemplateFileWithNoParameters (Default)
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateFile <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable>
 -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable>
 -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable>
 -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterFile <String>
 -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterFile <String>
 -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterFile <String>
 -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterFile <String>
 -TemplateSpecId <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterUri <String>
 -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterUri <String>
 -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterUri <String>
 -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterUri <String>
 -TemplateSpecId <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectWithNoParameters
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateObject <Hashtable>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriWithNoParameters
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateUri <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceId
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateSpecId <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment** cmdlet determines whether an Azure resource group deployment template and its parameter values are valid.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Test deployment with a custom template object and parameter file

```powershell
PS C:\> $TemplateFileText = [System.IO.File]::ReadAllText("D:\Azure\Templates\EngineeringSite.json")
PS C:\> $TemplateObject = ConvertFrom-Json $TemplateFileText -AsHashtable
PS C:\> Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName "ContosoEngineering" -TemplateObject $TemplateObject -TemplateParameterFile "D:\Azure\Templates\EngSiteParams.json"
```

This command tests a deployment in the given resource group using the an in-memory hashtable created from the given template file and a parameter file.

### Example 2: Test deployment via template file and parameter file

```powershell
PS C:\> Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName testRG01 -TemplateFile "D:\Azure\Templates\sampleDeploymentTemplate.json" -TemplateParameterFile "D:\Azure\Templates\sampleDeploymentTemplateParams.json"
```

This command tests a deployment in the given resource group and resource using the provided template file and a parameter file.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Mode
Specifies the deployment mode.
The acceptable values for this parameter are:
- Incremental
- Complete

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Management.ResourceManager.Models.DeploymentMode
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: Incremental, Complete

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Pre
Indicates that this cmdlet considers pre-release API versions when it automatically determines which version to use.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -QueryString
The query string (for example, a SAS token) to be used with the TemplateUri parameter. Would be used in case of linked templates

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group to test.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RollBackDeploymentName
Rollback to the successful deployment with the given name in the resource group, should not be used if -RollbackToLastDeployment is used.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RollbackToLastDeployment
Rollback to the last successful deployment in the resource group, should not be present if -RollBackDeploymentName is used.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt
Skips the PowerShell dynamic parameter processing that checks if the provided template parameter contains all necessary parameters used by the template. This check would prompt the user to provide a value for the missing parameters, but providing the -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt will ignore this prompt and error out immediately if a parameter was found not to be bound in the template. For non-interactive scripts, -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt can be provided to provide a better error message in the case where not all required parameters are satisfied.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateFile
Specifies the full path of a JSON template file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateFileWithNoParameters, ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject, ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile, ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateObject
A hash table which represents the template.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject, ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile, ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri, ByTemplateObjectWithNoParameters
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterFile
Specifies the full path of a JSON file that contains the names and values of the template parameters.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile, ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile, ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterObject
Specifies a hash table of template parameter names and values.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject, ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject, ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterUri
Specifies the URI of a template parameters file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri, ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri, ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateSpecId
Resource ID of the templateSpec to be deployed.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri, ByTemplateSpecResourceId
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateUri
Specifies the URI of a JSON template file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject, ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile, ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri, ByTemplateUriWithNoParameters
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String

### Microsoft.Azure.Management.ResourceManager.Models.DeploymentMode

### System.Collections.Hashtable

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.ResourceManager.Cmdlets.SdkModels.PSResourceManagerError

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzResourceGroupDeployment](./Get-AzResourceGroupDeployment.md)

[New-AzResourceGroupDeployment](./New-AzResourceGroupDeployment.md)

[Remove-AzResourceGroupDeployment](./Remove-AzResourceGroupDeployment.md)

[Stop-AzResourceGroupDeployment](./Stop-AzResourceGroupDeployment.md)

Commit message:

Bicep support (#14227)
* Added support for Azure resources deployment in Bicep language

* fix relative path issue

* remove bicep support on templateUri

* refine codes

Co-authored-by: Beisi Zhou <bez@microsoft.com>

src/Resources/Resources/help/Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment.md, after:

---
external help file: Microsoft.Azure.PowerShell.Cmdlets.ResourceManager.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Az.Resources
ms.assetid: 0143CE35-3B1D-4829-B880-A5CA25B83883
online version: https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/az.resources/test-azresourcegroupdeployment
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment

## SYNOPSIS
Validates a resource group deployment.

## SYNTAX

### ByTemplateFileWithNoParameters (Default)
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateFile <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable>
 -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable>
 -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterObject <Hashtable>
 -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterFile <String>
 -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterFile <String>
 -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterFile <String>
 -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterFile <String>
 -TemplateSpecId <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterUri <String>
 -TemplateObject <Hashtable> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterUri <String>
 -TemplateFile <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterUri <String>
 -TemplateUri <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateParameterUri <String>
 -TemplateSpecId <String> [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>]
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateObjectWithNoParameters
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateObject <Hashtable>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateUriWithNoParameters
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateUri <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### ByTemplateSpecResourceId
```
Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName <String> [-Mode <DeploymentMode>] [-RollbackToLastDeployment]
 [-RollBackDeploymentName <String>] [-QueryString <String>] -TemplateSpecId <String>
 [-SkipTemplateParameterPrompt] [-Pre] [-DefaultProfile <IAzureContextContainer>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The **Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment** cmdlet determines whether an Azure resource group deployment template and its parameter values are valid.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Test deployment with a custom template object and parameter file

```powershell
PS C:\> $TemplateFileText = [System.IO.File]::ReadAllText("D:\Azure\Templates\EngineeringSite.json")
PS C:\> $TemplateObject = ConvertFrom-Json $TemplateFileText -AsHashtable
PS C:\> Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName "ContosoEngineering" -TemplateObject $TemplateObject -TemplateParameterFile "D:\Azure\Templates\EngSiteParams.json"
```

This command tests a deployment in the given resource group using the an in-memory hashtable created from the given template file and a parameter file.

### Example 2: Test deployment via template file and parameter file

```powershell
PS C:\> Test-AzResourceGroupDeployment -ResourceGroupName testRG01 -TemplateFile "D:\Azure\Templates\sampleDeploymentTemplate.json" -TemplateParameterFile "D:\Azure\Templates\sampleDeploymentTemplateParams.json"
```

This command tests a deployment in the given resource group and resource using the provided template file and a parameter file.

## PARAMETERS

### -DefaultProfile
The credentials, account, tenant, and subscription used for communication with azure

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Commands.Common.Authentication.Abstractions.Core.IAzureContextContainer
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: AzContext, AzureRmContext, AzureCredential

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Mode
Specifies the deployment mode.
The acceptable values for this parameter are:
- Incremental
- Complete

```yaml
Type: Microsoft.Azure.Management.ResourceManager.Models.DeploymentMode
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Accepted values: Incremental, Complete

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Pre
Indicates that this cmdlet considers pre-release API versions when it automatically determines which version to use.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -QueryString
The query string (for example, a SAS token) to be used with the TemplateUri parameter. Would be used in case of linked templates

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
Specifies the name of the resource group to test.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RollBackDeploymentName
Rollback to the successful deployment with the given name in the resource group, should not be used if -RollbackToLastDeployment is used.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RollbackToLastDeployment
Rollback to the last successful deployment in the resource group, should not be present if -RollBackDeploymentName is used.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt
Skips the PowerShell dynamic parameter processing that checks if the provided template parameter contains all necessary parameters used by the template. This check would prompt the user to provide a value for the missing parameters, but providing the -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt will ignore this prompt and error out immediately if a parameter was found not to be bound in the template. For non-interactive scripts, -SkipTemplateParameterPrompt can be provided to provide a better error message in the case where not all required parameters are satisfied.

```yaml
Type: System.Management.Automation.SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateFile
Specifies the full path of a template file. Supported template file type: json and bicep.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateFileWithNoParameters, ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject, ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile, ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateObject
A hash table which represents the template.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject, ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile, ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri, ByTemplateObjectWithNoParameters
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterFile
Specifies the full path of a JSON file that contains the names and values of the template parameters.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterFile, ByTemplateFileAndParameterFile, ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterObject
Specifies a hash table of template parameter names and values.

```yaml
Type: System.Collections.Hashtable
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterObject, ByTemplateFileAndParameterObject, ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateParameterUri
Specifies the URI of a template parameters file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateObjectAndParameterUri, ByTemplateFileAndParameterUri, ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateSpecId
Resource ID of the templateSpec to be deployed.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParams, ByTemplateSpecResourceIdAndParamsUri, ByTemplateSpecResourceId
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TemplateUri
Specifies the URI of a template file.

```yaml
Type: System.String
Parameter Sets: ByTemplateUriAndParameterObject, ByTemplateUriAndParameterFile, ByTemplateUriAndParameterUri, ByTemplateUriWithNoParameters
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### System.String

### Microsoft.Azure.Management.ResourceManager.Models.DeploymentMode

### System.Collections.Hashtable

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.Azure.Commands.ResourceManager.Cmdlets.SdkModels.PSResourceManagerError

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

[Get-AzResourceGroupDeployment](./Get-AzResourceGroupDeployment.md)

[New-AzResourceGroupDeployment](./New-AzResourceGroupDeployment.md)

[Remove-AzResourceGroupDeployment](./Remove-AzResourceGroupDeployment.md)

[Stop-AzResourceGroupDeployment](./Stop-AzResourceGroupDeployment.md)
